Aligning robustICA with current Main + (#5)
BahmanTahayori/tedana_florey: docs/faq.rst

Our current guess is that most of the above methods assume data are
independant and identically distributed (IID),
and signal leakage from in-slice and multi-slice accelleration may violate this assumption.

We have one option that is generally useful and is also a partial solution.
``--ica_method robustica`` will run `robustica`_.
This is a method that, for a given number of PCA components,
will repeated run ICA and identify components that are stable across iterations.
While running ICA multiple times will slow processing, as a general benefit,
this means that the ICA results are less sensitive to the initialization parameters,
computer hardware, and software versions.
This will result in better stability and replicability of ICA results.
Additionally, `robustica`_ almost always results in fewer components than initially prescripted,
since there are fewer stable components across interations than the total number of components.
This means, even if the initial PCA component estimate is a bit off,
the number of resulting robust ICA components will represent stable information in the data.
For a dataset where the PCA comoponent estimation methods are failing,

> one could use ``--tedpca`` with a fixed integer for a constant number of components,
> that is on the high end of typical for a study,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one could use ``--tedpca`` in such a way that very few components are removed
(eg. using a fixed integer for a constant number of components
that is close to the number of volumes,
or a floating-point number just below 1.0),
```

Worth noting here that having looked at a few PCA variance plots with @BahmanTahayori, I think it should be possible to derive a PCA rank estimation algorithm that is specifically tailored to operate in conjunction with RobustICA, particularly in the use case where PCA-based denoising has been applied further upstream. It's not critical to the PR so don't want to delay based on such, but hopefully we can start a separate thread on it at some point.

Author: Your addition to this comment has caused issues on my data. Without running MP-PCA first, like you're doing, this results in each ICA iteration failing to converge and then the ICA iterations that do converge are sometimes weird. PIcking a number of components that is at the high end of typical for a study resulted in much more stable results (this might be one more thing to investigate more carefully when this PR is merged)

FWIW, I am also evaluating some PCA rank estimation options that can also be added in.

Reviewer: Fair enough. This maybe instead needs to fall under the banner of advice for our recommended pipeline as a whole; ie. if replicating what we've done in our study, including upstream denoising, then we advise modulating the TEDANA PCA behaviour in this way. We'll have to wait to see whether such advice should appear in TEDANA documentation or elsewhere. But if RobustICA is being run on data without upstream denoising, and you've found that upping the PCA rank a bit but not all the way seems to help, then the text you have suits, and indeed hopefully we'll get more feedback over time.

and then `robustica`_ will reduce the number of components to only find stable information.

> That said, of the fixed PCA component number is too high,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, if the fixed PCA component number is too high,
```

then the method will have too many unstable components,
and if the fixed PCA component number is too low, then there will be even fewer ICA components.
The number of ICA components is more consisent,
but is still sensitive to the intial number of PCA components.
For example, for a single dataset 60 PCA components might result in 46 stable ICA components,
while 55 PCA components might results in 43 stable ICA components.
We are still testing how these interact and give better recommendations and even more stable results.

> At that point, ``--ica_method robustica`` might become the default setting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the TEDANA developers expect that ``--ica_method robustica`` may become
the default configuration in future TEDANA versions,
it is first being released to the public as a non-default option
in hope of gaining insight into its behaviour
across a broader range of multi-echo fMRI data.
If users are having trouble with PCA component estimation failing on a dataset,
we recommend using RobustICA;
we also invite user feedback on its behaviour and efficacy.
```

> At that point, ``--ica_method robustica`` might become the default setting,
> but we still wanted to release this option to let users access it in its current form.
> If users are having trouble with PCA component estimation failing on a dataset,
> we recommend using robustica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At that point, ``--ica_method robustica`` might become the default setting,
While the TEDANA developers expect that ``--ica_method robustica`` may become
the default configuration in future TEDANA versions,
it is first being released to the public as a non-default option
in hope of gaining insight into its behaviour
across a broader range of multi-echo fMRI data.
If users are having trouble with PCA component estimation failing on a dataset,
we recommend using RobustICA;
we also invite user feedback on its behaviour and efficacy.
```
